c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Excite\Excite\bin\Excite.dll
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Excite\Excite\bin\Excite.pdb
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Excite\Excite\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Excite\Excite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Excite\Excite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Excite\Excite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Excite\Excite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Excite\Excite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Excite\Excite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Excite\Excite\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Excite\Excite\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Excite\Excite\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Excite\Excite\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Excite\Excite\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Excite\Excite\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Excite\Excite\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Excite\Excite\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Excite\Excite\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Excite\Excite\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Excite\Excite\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Excite\Excite\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Excite\Excite\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Excite\Excite\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Excite\Excite\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Excite\Excite\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Excite\Excite\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Excite\Excite\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Excite\Excite\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Excite\Excite\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Excite\Excite\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Excite\Excite\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Excite\Excite\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Excite\Excite\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Excite\Excite\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Excite\Excite\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Excite\Excite\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Excite\Excite\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Excite\Excite\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Excite\Excite\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Excite\Excite\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Excite\Excite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Excite\Excite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Excite\Excite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Excite\Excite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Excite\Excite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Excite\Excite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Excite\Excite\obj\Debug\Excite.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Excite\Excite\obj\Debug\Excite.dll
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Excite\Excite\obj\Debug\Excite.pdb
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Excite\Excite\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Excite\Excite\bin\Org.Mentalis.Security.Cryptography.dll
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Excite\Excite\bin\Mono.Math.dll
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Excite\Excite\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Excite\Excite\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Excite\Excite\bin\Org.Mentalis.Security.Cryptography.xml
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Excite\Excite\bin\Mono.Math.xml
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\Excite.dll
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\Excite.pdb
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\Org.Mentalis.Security.Cryptography.dll
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\Mono.Math.dll
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\Org.Mentalis.Security.Cryptography.xml
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\Mono.Math.xml
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\obj\Debug\Excite.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\obj\Debug\Excite.dll
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\obj\Debug\Excite.pdb
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\ExciteBussinessLogic.dll
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\ExciteModels.dll
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\ExciteBussinessLogic.pdb
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\ExciteModels.pdb
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\Ninject.pdb
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\WebActivator.dll
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.pdb
C:\Users\adi\Desktop\Pcbe\excite\Excite\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
